README.md, before:

# Build a JavaScript Command Line Interface (CLI) with Node.js

Node is a great choice for building command line tools. 
In this tutorial, Lukas White shows you how to build a Node CLI which interacts with the GitHub API.

Article URL: https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-command-line-interface-cli-node-js

## Requirements

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [GitHub account](https://github.com/)

## Installation Steps (if applicable)

1. Clone repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Install the module globally with `npm install -g`
4. Run `ginit <repo-name> <longer repo description>`

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 SitePoint

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated readme to match more closely with the changes that I've made to the original. Includes new assumptions.

README.md, after:

# Build a JavaScript Command Line Interface (CLI) with Node.js

This is based off of a tutorial by Lukas White showing how to build a Node CLI which interacts with the GitHub API.

Article URL: https://www.sitepoint.com/javascript-command-line-interface-cli-node-js

## Requirements

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [GitHub account](https://github.com/)

## Installation Steps (if applicable)

1. Clone repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Install the module globally with `npm install -g`
4. Run `ginit <repo-name> <longer repo description>`

## Usage
This implementation assumes:
* that you'll pass your Github token at runtime as an environment variable.
* that you'll specify a valid Github organization as the first thing the CLI asks

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 SitePoint

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
